Address trusted publisher feedback (#349)
rubygems/guides: trusted-publishing/adding-a-publisher.md

Now, the `push.yml` workflow on `indirect/indirect-trusted-publishing` will be able to generate short-lived API tokens from RubyGems.org that are able to push to this gem.

> A publisher can be registered for multiple gems, and a gem can have multiple publishers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A repo and workflow can be registered to multiple gems. For example, the `release.yml` workflow from the  `rails/rails` repo can be registered for both the `rails` and `activerecord` gems. Each gem can likewise allow multiple publishers, for example a single gem could allow both workflows `release-linux.yml` and `release-mac.yml`.
```
